Update/Refresh contribution guide (#5671)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: contributing.md

First of all thank you for considering to contribute. Please look at the details below:

- [New Roadmaps](#new-roadmaps)
- [Existing Roadmaps](#existing-roadmaps)
- [Adding Content](#adding-content)
- [Guidelines](#guidelines)

## New Roadmaps

> For new roadmaps, submit a roadmap by providing [a textual roadmap similar to this roadmap](https://gist.github.com/kamranahmedse/98758d2c73799b3a6ce17385e4c548a5) in an [issue](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/issues).

Reviewer: Also suggest the alternative way to [create roadmap in the editor](https://draw.roadmap.sh) and submit the link to roadmap in an issue.

First of all thank you for considering to contribute. Please look at the details below:

- [New Roadmaps](#new-roadmaps)
- [Existing Roadmaps](#existing-roadmaps)
- [Adding Content](#adding-content)
- [Guidelines](#guidelines)

## New Roadmaps

For new roadmaps, you can either:
- Submit a roadmap by providing [a textual roadmap similar to this roadmap](https://gist.github.com/kamranahmedse/98758d2c73799b3a6ce17385e4c548a5) in an [issue](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/issues).

> - Create an interactive roadmap yourself using the [draw](https://draw.roadmap.sh/) feature & submit the link to that roadmap in an [issue](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an interactive roadmap yourself using [our roadmap editor](https://draw.roadmap.sh/) & submit the link to that roadmap in an [issue](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/issues).
```
